[balancing efforts]
This is harder than I thought!
Just concentrate on gathering
chakra on the soles of your
feet!
[balancing efforts]
That's it! If you can control
chakra skillfully, it's even
possible to walk on water.
Compared to everyone else, I'm
at a serious disadvantage.
Isn't it kind of ridiculous
we're learning how to walk on
water?
What's the point of inventing
things like boats, then?
Can you stop talking please!?
Alright. Hold on. How about
this?
[grunting]
The surface of water is never
the same.
Actual rivers and oceans are
nothing like this pond.
Vegetables are so expensive
these days.
Hmm?
Hmph!
Come on, that was too
dangerous, Boruto!
I do this all the time! It's all
good!
Hey, Sarada!
It looks like you guys are
up to no good again.
We were just going to teach
Denki how to fish. Except it's
kind of a drag.
I know, can you believe it?
He's actually never gone fishing
in his whole entire life before!
But I've played fishing games,
so there's that!
You should join
us if you're free!
No, I have to go home and get
dinner ready right now.
And not that I care, but you
guys should really learn how to
ride a train properly...
before someone gets hurt.
Aw don't be so uptight.
It's really great to be able to
sit on the roof and feel the
wind against your face.
Oh yeah? I'm not
a child, you know.
Okay, but don't knock it till
you try it.
I don't have to try anything, I
already know.
What an attitude...
I'm home!
(Sarada) Welcome back!
Oh, that miso soup smells
delicious!
We have some tomatoes, don't we?
Why don't we put some in.
Put tomatoes in miso soup? That
doesn't go together.
You don't think so?
No, Mom. Anyway, are you all
packed and ready for tomorrow?
Mm, yeah, everything's perfectly
good to go!
I'm not good to go!
Gotta get this closed!
[sighs]
(Sarada) Here. I jotted down
your trip itinerary for you.
What?
You better hurry up and get
ready. Ino's going to be here
any minute.
I'm really not happy about
leaving you here all by
yourself...
maybe I should just stay home.
Fine, then don't go.
Ah, well...
I see how it is. I don't even
know why you're bringing it up.
You finally got some time off,
so enjoy it!
I'll be back tomorrow, okay? Can
I bring you anything?
My dad...would be nice.
[gasps] Sarada, now why would
you go and say something like
that, huh?
Never mind. I don't need
anything, don't waste your
money.
You sure?
Oh!
Oh no, they didn't come to get
that yet!
(Sarada) What is it?
Is this a...?
It's a much loved teddy bear
that belongs to one of our
patients.
[bear noise]
See this? It was torn, so I
brought it home last night to
sew it up for her.
I had asked someone from the
hospital to come over here and
pick it up but...
I guess they got too busy.
I should probably go there and
return it to her.
But why can't it wait
until you get home?
Because I promised that I'd get
it back to her today.
Poor little thing, she must be
so lonely without her teddy
bear.
[sighs]
I hate to make Ino wait,
but I'd better go.
It's all right, I
can return it.
Are you sure you don't mind?
Thank you! I'll bring
back lots of presents!
(Sarada) Yeah, yeah. Have a good
trip!
[gasps]
Hey! What do you say we get this
party started!
(Nurse) Yes, thank you so much.
Okay! I'll stop by sometime
today then.
(Nurse) Perfect, thank you! It's
really important to her because
it was a present from her dad.
[sighs]
(Nurse) She's been so depressed
without it.
Please tell her I'm on my way!
Ask her if she can wait just a
little while longer, and I'll be
right over.
Hmm.
(Sakura) Dear Sarada, I'm
gonna have a lot of fun on
this trip.
It's all thanks to you
because I know you'll take care
of everything.
Thank you. Don't forget I love
you Sarada! Love, Mom.
[sighs]
(Announcer) This stop, Tatsumi
Gate, Tatsumi Gate.
[gasps]
[heavy breathing] What a close
call!
Let's see, the hospital
is...Wait! The package!
What do I do? What do I do? What
do I do?
[gasps]
If I go straight across
these roof tops, I can get to
the next station first!
That makes me no different
from Boruto!
Oh, Sarada?
[gasps]
(Sarada) Ms. Shizune!
Uh, thank you for always
supporting my mom!
(Ms. Shizune) Why are you being
so formal? Are you okay? What's
going on?
Ah, I, um, um...
Is there something wrong?
Um, it's just that I have
something to do.
Please excuse me! [heavy
breathing]
(Boruto) Two whole days fishing
and we're going back
empty‐handed.
(Denki) But it was still super
fun!
Denki you have no idea about the
joys of fishing yet!
I'll take you to my special
fishing hole, where you're
guaranteed to get a bite!
Uh, there's a
place like that?
[chuckles] Yeah, just leave it
to me!
[heavy breathing]
Gotta hurry! Gotta hurry!
This is confusing.
How do I buy train tickets
again? What did I do last time?
[nervous breathing]
Oh dear, I can't remember.
Excuse me! Where
do you need to go?
[grunting]
Well thank you very much.
You're welcome. [gasps]
[gasping]
Hmph.
There it is.
[gasps] Oh no!
Here goes! [grunts]
Hmm?
[gasps]
He was right! It feels so good
up here!
[gasps] Did he see me? No it was
just for an instant. I think I'm
safe.
Of all the trains he could've
been on, why did he have to be
on this one?
Hmm. That's impossible.
What'd you say?
I saw something that's
impossible. I'm probably
just tired.
What's so impossible?
Guys there's no way that Sarada
would be riding on the roof of
this train, right?
Sarada's on the roof?!
Not a chance! I mean, didn't you
hear what she said?
She'd be a total hypocrite if
she got on the roof of a train
after everything she said to us.
Yeah, she'd never be
able to live it down!
Just think, we could tease her
about it right up until we
graduate.
[evil chuckles]
[grunts]
See, she's not out here.
Where did you see her?
I thought I saw her over that
way.
[grunts]
Let's find her!
I don't think we'll ever get
another chance like this one.
If you say so. Why do
you have to be so mean?
I got you now!
Huh?
You must have seen wrong. She's
nowhere to be found out here!
I know, but I swear I saw her!
(Boruto) Come on, Shikadai!
[gasps]
(Shikadai) Wait a minute, isn't
that a footprint?
Looks like a girl's footprint!
Let's follow it and
see where it goes!
Hmm? What's all the ruckus out
there?
[grunts]
(Conductor) You kids again!
(Boruto) It's not what you
think! At least hear us out,
will ya?!
(Conductor) Get down from there
right now! Don't make me call
your parents!
Talk about a narrow escape!
[Sigh] But it's all those dumb
boys' fault.
Anyway, I can't afford to have
anyone see me, especially on the
roof of a train.
[crunch]
[gasps]
[sighs]
[chewing]
Please, don't tell
anyone, okay?!
I promise I'll do
anything you want!
That's perfect, I
couldn't be happier.
Huh?
Especially since you tend to be
a little too prim and proper.
Then you'll really
keep this a secret?
Pretty women always have secrets
and this one's no different.
Oh my gosh, thank you!
All right lady, tell me
everything. I wanna hear more
about your secret.
The Lost and Found Center?
All the forgotten items
people leave behind on the
train...
are immediately brought here so
they can get reclaimed.
Wow, you know everything!
Yeah, I do.
Oh hi, you're back!
Forgot something again?
Nope. She did.
I left something on the rack. It
was wrapped in a cloth that had
cherry blossoms.
Train number 7‐6‐1.
Train number 7‐6‐1 huh?
Wrapped in a cloth with cherry
blossoms, let's see. Oh! How
about this? Is this the one?
That's it!
Well that sure was fast.
Here, before you take it
you'll need to sign for it.
Sure!
Oh thank you so much.
It's a beloved stuffed animal
that belongs to a little girl
who's staying in the hospital.
I promised that I would take it
to her today.
Is it a stuffed animal?
Or is it a voodoo doll?
Huh?
This isn't it.
This isn't the right item!
I do remember, there was another
package that looked really
similar to that one.
I'm so sorry, but it looks like
it's already been claimed.
No way! [sighs]
What do I do? What do I
do? Maybe I should report
it to the Leaf police.
First I think we should try and
find the owner of this thing.
Huh? You brought it with you?!
Stop being such a goody‐goody.
What's the problem if we return
it directly to the owner?
Yeah sure okay, but...
You see, there you go again.
This is an emergency. There's no
time to quibble.
But even if we find a clue, I've
never seen a doll like this
before.
Hmm. Don't worry, Cho‐Cho can
handle this!
(Sarada) Hey, Cho‐Cho, where are
we going?
(Cho‐Cho) Don't worry about it,
just follow me.
Huh?
I didn't even know a place like
this existed?
[chuckles] It's not so bad
coming to places like this
once in a while, huh?
What is this shop?
They sell a bunch of food from
all the other villages here.
You know my mom and how she's
from the Hidden Cloud Village?
Whenever she craves food from
her hometown, we always make a
trip down here.
(Madame) Who's there?
Long time no see!
Hmph. Oh, it's you.
There's something I want you to
take a look at.
Ha! It'll cost you, nothing's
free around here.
And what do you have to say for
yourself, princess?
Huh? I have some money. A little
bit.
Is that right?
What do I look like to you, an
old woman who's just begging for
money?
Go back home!
I'm very sorry ma'am.
I know what the drill is down
here. How about, these?
[gasps] Those chips! My
goodness! I can't believe there
are still some left over!
The elusive chameleon plant and
fish sausage flavor.
I found them in the ruins of the
factory.
It happens to be the very last
package there is, so...
Hurry up! Give me
those immediately!
Only if you tell me where this
package came from first.
Hmm. Hmm.
This looks like a doll that came
from the area near the Hidden
Waterfall.
The Hidden Waterfall to the
north of the Hidden Leaf
Village?
They use these dolls during
memorial services for their
ancestors.
They also hold an annual
memorial ceremony in our village
as well.
And today just happens to be the
day of that annual service.
[grunts]
So what do they do at these
ceremonies?
They take these dolls and float
all of them down the river.
Now please, isn't that enough?
That means my package is gonna
be sent down the river and now
I'll never find it!
I can't let this happen!
And where exactly is this
service being held?
She said the service is always
held right at dusk, isn't that
right?
Yeah we might be able
to make it if we hurry.
Hey Cho‐Cho, that bag of chips,
wasn't that one from your
special stash?
(Sarada) I'm sorry you gave it
away for me.
That's all right. I'll still get
to fantasize about what those
chips would taste like!
[sighs] It's been so long since
I've been able to relax like
this.
You work much too hard all the
time. You try to do it all
yourself.
Does Sasuke ever contact you
even once in a while?
Mm‐mm.
But when I think about him and
how long he's been traveling all
alone around the world like that
it makes me want to do my part
as well.
Hmm.
Okay! And that's why I've got a
surprise for you!
(Sakura) What is it?
Tell me, where are we? And don't
you tell me that you don't
remember!
Ino, but how'd you know?
Don't underestimate a good
friend.
I already checked...
and I know this is where you and
Sasuke came on your first date,
isn't that right?
You can call it a date but, it
only lasted two and a half
minutes.
Ahh! Spare me the details!
Just sit down right here and
reminisce to your heart's
content!
See ya!
[inhales]
[chuckles]
What great memories.
[sighs] But I'm sure Sasuke's
probably forgotten.
I wonder where he is right now?
No, don't!
I can't give up now, can I?!
You go girl!
Hey, this is actually
the real one.
It is?
It's complicated, I
gotta go! [grunts]
[heavy breathing] Find it?
It's over there!
Huh? Hmph.
What should we do? It looks like
the currents really pick up down
the river.
That's fine by me! If ninjutsu
will work at a time like this,
I've gotta do it!
(Cho‐Cho) Huh? But the current's
really rough!
Stop talking to me right now!
Sarada! Keep your focus, okay?
If you lose focus for even a
second, you'll fall into the
river!
Yeah I know!
[nervous breathing]
Hmph!
You got this!
Huh?
Hey, it's...
Ha! Got it!
Boruto?
I can guarantee you that you'll
catch a fish here!
Boruto? [gasps] Where is he?
[grunting]
Cha! [grunts]
Sarada!
Huh? Hey, did you
hear something just now?
It's probably your
imagination again.
So, do it like this?
Yeah, looking good!
I'm gonna let you catch the big
boss of this river when it comes
in!
You think he'll do it?
Nah, I seriously doubt it.
[chuckles]
Huh? Uh, Boruto look!
Here it comes! It's gotta be the
big boss!
Huh?
The net! Get the net now!
S‐‐Sarada?
What are you doing...?
(Inojin) ...out here?
[grunts]
How come you were in the river?
It's hot so I was taking a
little swim.
Got a problem with that?
(All) Of course not.
(All) Not at all.
[whimpers]
(Sarada) Kuuu?
[gasps]
Oh! There you are! [sighs]
[giggling]
Thanks for waiting.
So you wanna go grab
a snack or something?
[chuckles]
(Cho‐Cho) It'll be your treat,
right?
I'm home!
Hmm.
Are you here?
[sighs]
You should have just
ordered something in!
Hi! How was your trip?
It was absolutely wonderful!
Thank you so much!
Oh that miso soup smells good!
I added some tomatoes
in this time.
Uh. You actually added some?
Can you set the
table please?
Uh‐huh!
Oh by the way, were you able to
drop off that teddy bear?
It was easy. [giggles]
Yeah!
(Hinata) Can you two please go
wake up your father?
(Himawari) Okay!
(Boruto) I can't believe he's
still sleeping. He is
completely hopeless.
(Himawari) Daddy, wake up!
Come on, wake up!
(Boruto) All this "cutesy
coaxing" isn't going to work on
him, Himawari.
Now listen, watch and learn!
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "A Day in The Life
of the Uzumaki Family."
Isn't today the Hokage's
Inauguration?!
Get up, ya know!